Hey. Damiao!
What do you think?
I think he's coming.
Go ahead and leave.
Go. go!
What? No. Ferraz.
We can't.
Too many guards. It won't work.
I'll do it myself.
Tell Vico
I'm not going down for this.
Ain't that a bitch?
All teams
begin block-by-block inspections.
All teams begin
block-by-block inspections.
Back up!
Go. Go. Lockdown!
Oh fuck.
Help. I need help.
You do not move
unless I tell you to.
I understand that it's chaos.
Chaos isn't necessarily bad.
it might actually help us.
No. my...
My point… Listen to me.
My point is that right now
what's most important
is to show the people
who the real enemy is.
The prison is locked.
PENITENTIARY COMPLEX
Visiting hours are over.
On the night of the bombing…
a man on a motorcycle…
left the scene…
with the two white vans.
Tell me his name.
I want his name.
You don't understand.
You will simply be giving them
what they want.
Tell me his name.
Okay.
You want a name?
I'm going to give you a name.
The name that's going to be everywhere.
if it isn't already.
All I have to do is...
John Creasy!
You want to know
who else I was working with?
The name is John Creasy.
- John Creasy…
- …intelligence officer Creasy…
…not have knowledge
of John Creasy…
Brazilian authorities found evidence
of email communications
pointing to the involvement
of former American military
and intelligence officer John Creasy
in last week's bombing.
They had me create fake emails
that not only showed
you were aware of the bombing.
but that you acted as our inside man.
Authorities say
he's armed and extremely dangerous.
and have called on
law enforcement agencies worldwide
to be on the lookout for him
and a young woman named Poe Rayburn.
whose family was killed in the bombing.
Authorities believe Creasy may now
be traveling with and holding her hostage.
He was one of them?
It may be a lie that
we've been on the same side all along.
but if you want to prove it.
we will need to be on the same side now.
Ivan. you know this isn't true. right?
I'm not sure how much it matters.
Your face is everywhere.
We can't continue with our current plans
until we understand
where this is coming from.
Why don't you just ask Creasy?
Until he decides to turn his phone on
and ring us.
we only have
the information in front of us.
Were we really helping
a guy who blew up that building?
Don't know. man.
Did you see how much they paid?
Look how much they are paying
to get this guy. For any information.
Damn. Damn.
Keep it down.
Any information.
Give me that.
But we don't have information.
Do we?
Go get Vico's little buddy.
That guy Bacca.
You were set up.
Just as I was.
By who?
You really don't know?
Who's benefited from all this. Mr. Creasy?
My organization has no history
of this sort of violence
against civilians.
The bombing has just destroyed
our reputation.
But it's done wonders for someone else.
Bullshit.
Scroll down
from the stories implicating you.
and I think the latest polls
will provide your answer.
Nah. there's easier ways
to steal an election.
They didn't want
to just steal the election.
They wanted total control.
And for that.
they needed emergency powers.
So they created an emergency.
And you went along with it?
They had my family. Mr. Creasy!
I did whatever I was asked.
You don't believe me?
He gave you his gun.
What?
Apparently. Soares gave you his gun
because you didn't have one.
In the emails I wrote. I congratulated you
on having them so fooled
that they were personally arming you.
They wanted me to put details in
that would prove
that you and I had spoken.
We haven't spoken before today.
so how else would I know
unless they had told me?
You have to see this.
You have a satellite phone.
If you allow me to make a call.
I can share the location
where my family's being held.
and members of the FRP
can stage an extraction.
Please!
You will want proof
of Carmo and Soares' involvement.
What kind of proof?
I've been able to record two phone calls
between myself. Carmo. and Soares.
in which they directed me
to conduct the bombings.
They've been placed
in a safety deposit box.
But once I'm allowed to make my call.
once I know
an effort to save them is underway.
I could take you to them.
What makes you think I've got a plan
to take both of us out of here alive?
I see.
I guess since the other CIA man
seems to have a plan
for every contingency.
I hoped you might as well.
What did you say?
You said CIA man.
You're telling me…
that the CIA...
Not the CIA.
An agent working on his own.
A man named Henry Tappen.
I worked with Tappen.
Rayburn worked with Tappen.
Rayburn's building
wasn't the original target.
But when Mr. Rayburn started talking
about having leaks.
and insisting that. with your help.
he could run them down.
Tappen argued that leaving you two alive
was too much of a risk.
So he convinced Carmo
to switch the target to your building.
Bullshit.
He not only did it.
he came in and personally supervised.
It's a villa.
but they're supposed to leave from there
to get a yacht or something like that.
Uh…
I am not sure.
but they're traveling with others.
trying to escape the country.
Mm-hm.
Yes.
Okay.
You really think we'll get the reward?
I don't know.
Maybe. Maybe not.
Either way. Vico and the rest will see
what happens when you fuck with me.
Asshole.
They're
releasing the names and faces
of three Brazilian nationals
now believed to be traveling
with John Creasy.
Authorities say it's unclear
whether these individuals
are aiding Creasy.
Further information has been disclosed
in newly discovered…
Ivan. I need to talk to Poe.
Jesus. You want to tell me
what the fuck is going on?
I said I need to speak to Poe.
Okay. you're on.
Hey. Poe.
Creasy?
- What's going on? Why are they saying...
- I need you to do something for me.
I need you to look up a name.
Here.
This maintenance worker
found a secret compartment.
You did very well.
There aren't many ways out of here.
Start from this room.
Search every corner.
hole. dig everything up.
I don't care. Everything!
You heard him.
Let's go!
Go!
Davi.
Stop!
Let's go.
Just look at the photos.
and tell me
if that's somebody you ever met.
Hold on. let me…
I saw his face.
Stay with the rider.
Stay with the rider. Poe.
Shit.
That's him. Creasy. that's him.
That's the guy on the motorcycle.
Have I earned my call?
Poe. I'll call you back.
They are over there! Quickly!
Go. go!
Get people down here
to pursue them immediately.
- I'll go.
- No!
No.
You will get the floor plan
that shows where this pipe goes
and everything that connects to it.
Then I want you
to start teams working backwards
from every possible exit
this pipe could lead to. Clear?
When they're found?
Kill everyone!
Whoever is helping too.
Get inside!
Go!
Let's go.
Without something like
these recordings. your options are grim.
At this point. they're likely to assume
you all know as much as Creasy and Poe.
which means they likely prefer
eliminating you to discussion.
No matter where we put you.
you'll be looking over your shoulders.
Creasy's sure about these recordings?
When he called. he said Ferraz has them.
We'd extract him too.
How are you going to do that?
The plan we had before Vico came along
is still solid and ready to go.
With some adjustments. it should work.
Beyond Osip and I.
we need three people from this room.
Melo. you're the obvious choice to drive.
I'll go.
No.
It's not perfect. but you could pass.
- Well. I'm going too.
- No. Creasy's orders...
Am I supposed to sit here?
You don't have enough people.
Marina's out as well.
What about Vico?
No fucking way.
What's wrong with you?
I go out of my way to save you
from dying in the favela.
and the first thing you do
is volunteer for a prison heist?
Creasy knew the risk. that's on him.
He wants you to fend for yourself.
You stay as far away
from here as possible.
You and Beto always thought
I was weak. didn't you?
But I never did what Beto asked
because I knew it was wrong. Vico.
Only now it's different.
And if it's time to do the right thing.
I am not afraid.
Now. you…
Are you going to or not?
A tip came in.
Says they're staging in a villa
and traveling by yacht.
The source was not vetted.
- We don't know if...
- No. No. listen.
It actually makes sense.
Creasy used to tag in a freelancer.
this Russian guy with family money
that specialized in documents and reload.
Real appetite for excitement. Get this.
Not only does he own a yacht.
his father has a villa registered to him
in the South Zone.
So get me the address.
I'll send a team right away.
No. no. no.
You tell them to meet me there.
and I'll lead the approach.
We have the chance to surprise them.
and I don't want anybody fucking it up.
STATE PENITENTIARY COMPLEX
We got reports
of explosives. Will you open it?
With all due respect. I don't have
any information about a bomb squad.
- And I have strict orders...
- Orders?
- Yes.
- There's already been an explosion.
Yes. I'm aware.
but we have protocol to follow. ma'am.
I first need to call it in.
So call. Go!
Just a minute. please.
Oh my God. Ivan. Ivan…
Let's fly to the right! Ready?
Ready.
I got the gate! Let me in!
Jesus Christ!
He said to get him out of here.
not to invade the fucking place.
They're running like ants.
BOMB SQUAD
And I always assumed
hanging out with you would be boring.
You look like a kid in that uniform.
Wow. thanks! You're helping a lot.
Here.
Sooner or later.
someone is going to poke their head in.
start asking questions.
I know what to say.
It's not about what to say.
It's about how to say it.
If you sound like you look. we're done.
How am I supposed to sound?
When you talk. just pretend you're me.
Let's get moving.
Be ready as soon as we come out. Okay?
- Okay.
- You've got this.
Okay. Go. go. go!
Get out of the way!
You the supervisor here?
- No. I…
- Never mind.
Pay attention.
Got reports of additional explosive
charges found here. here. and here.
We need to evacuate this entire area.
Okay?
- But...
- Pay attention! I don't care.
Call whoever you need to call! Go!
Spread out!
She's here somewhere.
Shit.
- You sure it's here?
- I am.
Melo?
- Creasy?
- Yeah.
Oh. thank God.
- Which one of you has the charges?
- Me.
Get dressed.
What?
There.
CRIMINAL POLICE
Shit.
What are you doing in there. kid?
What am I doing here?
What's it look like I'm doing?
Huh?
I am supporting a team that's trying to
keep this fucking place from blowing up.
Do you understand? Can I focus here now?
Hold. hold. Everybody hold a second.
I've got some asshole interrupting me.
Sorry. I just thought you...
Yeah. I… Look. if I need to post shit
on Facebook. I'll call you. Okay?
Now can I get back to my fucking job?
- Let's go! Everybody out!
- What are you doing here? Go!
We're blowing up the building.
Evacuate now.
Go!
- Go back!
- Out. out. out!
- Let's go!
A bomb's gonna explode.
We need to evacuate now!
Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
Go. go. go!
What the fuck are you doing?
I'm sorry. Creasy. I can't go with you.
What are you talking about?
If Carmo and Soares feel they've lost me.
they might simply order
the execution of my family
before my people
have a chance to get to them.
But if I go back. I can play for time.
If you go back.
they'll kill you and your family right...
No. no. no.
Before they kill me.
they will want to know everything.
What you… What I told you. what you did.
where you went. how you escaped.
And I will stretch my questioning out
as long as possible
in the hopes that my family is rescued
before Carmo and Soares realize
that everything I'm feeding them
is utter bullshit.
Let's go! Let's go!
Go. go. go!
We need to clear the building now.
come on! Go!
Everybody out! Everybody!
- Everybody out. Let's go!
- Go. go. go!
Get out!
Go. go. go! Everybody out!
Shit. where are they?
I don't know.
With any luck by then.
not only my family will be safe.
but you will have found a way
to turn the tables
on the people
who set all of this in motion.
What do you mean. "found a way"?
The recordings are the way.
You're taking us to them.
That's why you're coming.
I am sorry. Creasy.
There are no recordings.
It was the only way to get your help.
There has to be recordings.
That's what makes all this make sense.
That's what everybody took the risk for.
I am… sorry.
I wish I could have given you evidence.
But I promise
everything I told you was true.
I pray that our head start
turns out to be enough.
I will stall them as long as I can.
Come on.
Where's Ferraz?
Just go.
Get out! Get out! Get out!
Leave! It's going to explode!
Open the gate!
It's going to explode. Get out!
Get out! It's going to explode.
Get out! Let's go!
Explosion!
Go!
It's going to explode. Let's go.
- What is he doing here?
- The girls are here.
And they were supposed to be
back at the villa.
The villa got hit.
Whoever gave up your friends
had enough info for the authorities
to put the pieces together.
Poe got them out.
Wait.
Where's Ferraz?
We didn't get him.
- Then how do we get the recordings?
- The recordings never existed.
Then what the fuck?
Creasy?
Creasy.
Creasy!
- You okay?
- I'm fine.
- I'm glad you made it.
- Yep. yep. yep.
I'm glad you're okay.
Um…
Tappen. uh. he came into the house
with. like. a bunch of other officers.
Yeah. You know. I heard you handled
yourself like a real professional.
We got everything we needed?
Yeah. we got everything we need.
Do me a favor and. um. help them
take the bags inside. all right? Okay.
Why did you lie to her?
She's gonna find out the truth anyway.
Who says I lied?
Ferraz is as good as dead.
We don't have any recordings.
That don't mean we don't have something
that we can't trade.
And what is that?
Me.